Hi everyone this is our website
and our name of our website. Is
it travel talk. So if you wanna
go for a ride then you have to
click here. Then when transition
comes with a welcome message.
So here if we press on or go
then our website starts. Here's
a menu bar.
And there is an option called is
all day trips, so this was the
thing that we took from website
as it is because we felt there
was no mistakes in this. So we
did not change anything.
And there is another option
called as Inspirations which
gives ideas based on the months
and so this was also taken from
the website call is really
itself. So if we click on about
this it gives information about
this like our name, Gmail and
phone number.
And if you click on tickets,
we'll be able to book the
tickets. So this is the
interface of the ticket.
If you go back and click on the
hotels, it displays some list of
the hotels along with some
ordering features and all.
If you Scroll down, it says what
our travel talk website works in
here. Reduce information like
how how many car lines have, how
many operators like how many
train lines, how how many train
operators and all. And these are
our best selling trips over the
last few years and we can see
some worrying effects also. And
these are our best selling trips
like Bully Singapore.
And even on Kong and the
features that are offered, if a
customer books or customer books
a ticket from our website is
free Wi-Fi VPX is first class
site seeing and included meals
and the feature trips that were
that came in many of the famous
newspapers like.
Uh, these Singapore, Sydney,
Singapore, New York, London,
Maldives, Caribbean Airlines,
etcetera is with the most
popular sightseeing places that
we're booking from our website
from past one year.
And these two persons are the
specialist of tourists. So if
any customer have any doubts
they can write mail to them. We
have also provided phone
numbers.
The contact to this they'll be
able to clarify all your doubts.
Thank you.